hey youtubers ride all the time 96 and
this is my breyer barn decorated for
Christmas ok so see here we go it's got
nice white light it is kind of goes all
up in the blog so you can see hooray
well I have the light there's like
turned out right now seikon turkey
ok so that's that and then over here we
had the Christmas tree it's got a little
hat on it and then like presents yeah
we're going to get some more positive
and then right here it's one small
pasture that can be a part of the big
pasture mystique is in there right now
see nice and fat hey
and see this is what separates him from
the other pasture yeah and I'm years ago
little gate witness yeah okay and then
you jump over three and then here we
have zip I never liked those jingles but
I should just need a blanket and I
couldn't find her at the moment so yeah
zip zip zip okay good point see this is
the back of the barn and you see your
fence has lights along it yeah and then
in here we've got like so little food
yes and another tweet and another tweet
so yes
doesn't want to stay hmm step it
here we have Zippo cheating hey and
we've got another Queen and Moorhead and
then this is the back of one of our
bigger funds right studying right here
you have pray a prayer and trigger
triggers in like a little makeshift
golfing so yeah and then right here we
have mon gaiman but i changed his name
to the winter stallion so yeah he's very
pretty against all this snow and that
sort of stuff yeah in the neck here we
have this deep stall and here's sunny
imagined and this is actually a classic
barn but it works and it fit so yeah
right here zip stall and here's Seattle
and right there's jingles yeah so that's
that's about it
so here's one more
bu
and then this is what it looks like its
lights on it's going to do a quick
walkthrough can't see anything before
oh my goodness look at Mon Gaiman I mean
winter stallion he's so beautiful
beautiful
okay that's it please rate comment and
describe I mean subscribe bye